Add section on PO Tokens (#40)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp-wiki: Extractors.md

# Youtube

> ## HOW TO PO-TOKEN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PO_TOKEN TUTORIAL
```
maybe?

This token is generated by BotGuard (web) / DroidGuard (android) to attest the requests are coming from a real client.

The PO Token is linked to a visitor ID, which appears to represent a session on YouTube. This visitor ID is found in the `VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE` cookie, or in a visitorData value which is sent in Innertube requests. 

### Manually acquiring a PO Token from a browser

This process goes through manually obtaining a PO Token generated on YouTube in a web browser, and then manually passing that to yt-dlp via extractor arguments. It is best to leave yt-dlp to handle the visitor ID/visitorData through cookies.

#### If logged out

1. Open a browser and go to a video on YouTube Embedded (e.g. https://www.youtube.com/embed/aqz-KE-bpKQ)
2. Open the developer console (F12) and go to the "Network" tab, and filter by `v1/player`
3. Click the video to play and a player request will appear in the network tab
4. In the request payload JSON, find the PO Token at `serviceIntegrityDimensions.poToken` and save that value. This is the PO Token.
5. Export cookies from the browser

> 6. Pass the PO Token to yt-dlp with `--extractor-args youtube:player-client=web,default;po_token=web:PO_TOKEN_VALUE_HERE`, cookies with `--cookies COOKIES_FILE` (or `--cookies-from-browser`)

Reviewer: should quote the arg, since `;` will split the command in some shells

#### If logged in

> Since YouTube rotates cookies on open YouTube browser tabs as a security measure, you will need to export cookies in a way that they are not rotated. You can do this through a private browsing/incognito window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since YouTube rotates cookies on open YouTube browser tabs as a security measure, you will need to export cookies in such a way that they are not rotated. You can do this through a private browsing/incognito window.
```

> Since YouTube rotates cookies on open YouTube browser tabs as a security measure, you will need to export cookies in a way that they are not rotated. You can do this through a private browsing/incognito window.

Author: Note to self: this method doesn't appear to work. need to investigate.

# Youtube

## PO Token Guide

Proof of Origin (PO) token is a parameter that YouTube requires to be sent with video playback requests from some clients. Without it, requests for the affected clients' format URLs may return HTTP Error 403, or result in your account or IP address being blocked.

> This token is generated by BotGuard (web) / DroidGuard (android) to attest the requests are coming from a real client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This token is generated by BotGuard (WEB) / DroidGuard (Android) to attest the requests are coming from a real client.
```

### Manually acquiring a PO Token from a browser for use when logged out

This process goes through manually obtaining a PO Token generated on YouTube in a web browser, and then manually passing that to yt-dlp via the `po_token` extractor argument.

Steps:

1. Open a browser and go to any video on YouTube Music or YouTube Embedded (e.g. https://www.youtube.com/embed/aqz-KE-bpKQ). **Make sure you are not logged in to any account!**
2. Open the developer console (F12), then go to the "Network" tab and filter by `v1/player`
3. Click the video to play and a player request will appear in the network tab
4. In the request payload JSON, find the PO Token at `serviceIntegrityDimensions.poToken` and save that value
5. Export cookies from the browser
6. Pass the PO Token to yt-dlp using `--extractor-args "youtube:player-client=web,default;po_token=web+PO_TOKEN_VALUE_HERE"` with cookies (`--cookies COOKIES_FILE`)

Addendum:

> - You can also get the PO Token from any of the `videoplayback` urls (it is the `pot` query parameter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can also get the PO Token from any of the `videoplayback` URLs (it is the `pot` query parameter).
```

- You can also use `--cookies-from-browser` if that is pointed to the browser session with the same logged-out session you extracted the PO Token from.

#### Passing Visitor Data without cookies

In some cases, you may not want to use cookies and instead pass Visitor Data to use in Innertube API requests. 

> [!WARNING]

> > This method is **not recommend** for most cases. It requires skipping webpage requests so the `VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE` cookie does not interfere, which will mean more requests, and less stable extraction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This method is **not recommended** for most cases. It requires skipping webpage requests so that the `VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE` cookie does not interfere. This results in more requests needing to be sent as well as less stable extraction.
```
